Involuntarily leaving SC: Allow PM on forum (#2393)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/community/steering/steering_committee_membership.rst

In case of absence or irregular participation, the removal process consists of the following steps:

> #. Another Committee member (hereinafter the initiator) contacts the person by email or PM on the forum asking if they are still interested in fulfilling their Committee member's duties.
> 
>   * If the answer is negative, the initiator asks the person to :ref:`step down voluntarily<Voluntarily leaving process>`.

Reviewer: How about making this a two-step process: first write a PM, and if there's no reply, write an email, and only then start the discussion? That way, if for someone the PM notifications don't work in the forum (for example the emails sent for them are broken), they have a chance to know about it by getting an email.
```suggestion
#. Another Committee member (hereinafter the initiator) contacts the person by PM on the forum asking if they are still interested in fulfilling their Committee member's duties.

  * If the answer is negative, the initiator asks the person to :ref:`step down voluntarily<Voluntarily leaving process>`.

#. If there is no response from the person within a week after the message was sent, the initiator contacts the person by email asking if they are still interested in fulfilling their Committee member's duties.

  * If the answer is negative, the initiator asks the person to :ref:`step down voluntarily<Voluntarily leaving process>`.
```
WDYT?

Reviewer 2: SGTM

Author: This somehow contradicts my intention to use PM _instead_ of an email. Since so much has moved to the forum, I wanted to simplify the process by staying on this communication platform.

If I read your suggestion correct, you want to have PM **plus** email. If you think sending an email is important, that's fine for me... but then we shouldn't make things more complicated by adding the requirement to send a PM first.

If you think an email should be mandatory, let's close this PR and stay with the email-only solution that we already have.

Reviewer 2: Let's maybe remove emails?

Reviewer: I'm against removing emails. How about simply sending email and PM at the same time? (I'd just copy'n'paste the text from one to the other.)

Reviewer 2: Sending at the same time sounds good to me

> #. In case there is no response from the person within a week or if the person agreed to step down but has no time to do it themselves, the initiator:

Reviewer: How about changing `after the email was sent` to `after the message was sent`? That works for both email and PM.

> #. In case there is no response from the person within a week after the message was sent or if the person agreed to step down but has no time to do it themselves, the initiator:

Reviewer 3: Is one week a bit short? Even I sometimes go on vacation for a full week. I know others do so for two weeks or more.

Reviewer: 1. The week was there before.
2. This is only for starting a discussion among the SC, not about removing the person.

(Which also means we likely had that discussion already in the past ;) )

Author: Well, it would be a week longer than before ;-)
